Add R client news / update docs (#65)
Open-EO/openeo.org: news/2022-05-12-r-client-v120.md

---
news: true
title:  R Client v1.2.0 has been released
date:   2022-05-12
author: Matthias Mohr, Florian Lahn
---

> Today, we released a new version 1.2.0 of the openEO R Client, which features a couple of [improvements and bug fixes](https://github.com/Open-EO/openeo-r-client/blob/master/NEWS.md#version-120).

Reviewer: We can just link to the release version which directly contains the changes introduced with this proper release:
https://github.com/Open-EO/openeo-r-client/releases/tag/v1.2.0

Author: I have no preference.

Author: ```suggestion
Today, we released a new version 1.2.0 of the openEO R Client, which features a couple of [improvements and bug fixes](https://github.com/Open-EO/openeo-r-client/releases/tag/v1.2.0).
```
